Get weather information when you need it for free, without ads, and have complete privacy with peace of mind. 
The application only needs your location to get you alerts and weather for where you currently are.

Get current weather, extended weather, radar, and timely alerts with detailed descriptions..

Here is a list of featues for SnapWeatherUS!

    United States only (Including Alaska, Hawaii, and territories)
    Current weather from nearest station to your location
    One week day and night extended forecast
    Customizable weather alerts with the ability to set desired levels (Extreme, Severe, Moderate, Minor, Unknown)
    Get alerts even if the application isn't open
    Detailed information on weather alerts
    Heat and Cold Warnings
        - Blue - Feels like temperature below 0째F
        - Yellow - Feels like temperature from 90-94째F
        - Orange - Feels like temperature from 95-99째F
        - Red - Feels like temperature above 100째F
    Current and animated radar
    Customizable radar layers
    Real wind direction indicator
    Weather data is time stamped of last update and the Status indicates if any errors occur downloading from API
    Background battery and data usage is optimized for best performance using google recommended standards (Android Developers - Optimize for battery life)
    API and data from weather.gov and Windy.com

Language:

English US only

Recommended Permission Settings for Best Operation and Weather Safety:

- Allow location at all times even when the app is closed. Google tries to prevent background location operation which is needed to monitor weather in the background.
- Disable battery optimizations. Google will try to prevent the service from using too much battery and prevents it from operating properly. Which isn't true. I took great effort to ensure good battery operation.
- Whitelist the application to alert through DND (Do Not Disturb) so you can be alerted of weather alerts when sleeping. Google's Digital Wellbeing will put your wellbeing at risk by not allowing weather alerts at night.
